add rest api and node documentation for custom notifications (#1575)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/api-reference/liveblocks-node.mdx

});
```

### Notifications

#### Liveblocks.getInboxNotification [#get-users-userId-inboxNotifications-inboxNotificationId] [@badge=Beta]

Returns a user’s inbox notification. This is a wrapper around the
[Get Inbox Notification API](/docs/api-reference/rest-api-endpoints#get-users-userId-inboxNotifications-inboxNotificationId).

```ts
const inboxNotification = await liveblocks.getInboxNotification({
  userId: "steven@example.com",
  inboxNotificationId: "in_3dH7sF3...",
});

// { id: "in_3dH7sF3...", kind: "thread", ... }
// or { id: "in_3dH7sF3...", kind: "$yourKind", ... }
console.log(inboxNotification);
```

#### Liveblocks.triggerInboxNotification [#trigger-inbox-notification] [@badge=Beta]

Triggers an inbox notification based on an activity that happened in your
system. This is a wrapper around the
[Trigger Inbox Notification API](/docs/api-reference/rest-api-endpoints#post-inbox-notifications-trigger).

`kind` must start with a `$`.

> `activityData` can have `string`, `number`, or `boolean`.

Reviewer: I would also put this with "`kind` must start with a `$`." above, not as a new paragraph.

```suggestion
Properties of `activityData` can have `string`, `number`, or `boolean` values.
```

```ts
await liveblocks.triggerInboxNotification({
  // The ID of the user that will receive the inbox notification.
  userId: "steven@example.com",

>   // The type of notification, must start with a $.

Reviewer: I've been talking about this as "custom kind" in other places, is that a good way to describe this?

```suggestion
  // The custom kind of notification, which must start with a $.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it sounds better if we go with "Custom notification kind" than "custom kind of notification"

Reviewer: Agree, I'll adjust my code comments if necessary.
